what's up guys this is this is my name
of you and today I'm gonna be showing
you the bike race ultra bike and this is
a new bike for bike race it is the
fastest bike currently and it is faster
than the Superbike so this is just going
to be a quick update video and on you
might not be watching this when it's
brand new but it actually just came out
today and this is the first video on
YouTube about the ultra bike so I'm
going to be showing you that today but
first I have an otterbox on my phone you
can tell so if you want to see the video
for that you can check right up here and
also ghost armor so if you want to see
the video for that you can check right
up here so let's go into single-player
and go in the shop now we can go through
and you can see I have all the bikes
including the Superbike except for the
ultra bike the new bike it's $45 it's as
you can see right here faster than the
super bike unbreakable like the ghost
bike and agile as the acrobatic bike so
um can go through and I play this game a
lot and you can see here that I have
1543 total multiplayer wins and I've got
most of those well actually all of them
with the super bike because when I got
the super bike when I did the hack to
get it it deleted all of my multiplayer
wins so if you go over and see this
ultra bike I'm obviously not paying $45
for it and I don't know who would so um
I will be working on getting a hack to
get this so you can download the hack
and get this for free and there are many
hacks to get the super bike but there's
not a single even
vo on the ultra bike so remember to
click the subscribe button right down
there so you can see when I make the
video of how to get the ultra bike for
free or if you're watching this after
I've made it and I've already made the
video of how to get the ultra bike you
can check the annotation right up here
there's nothing there it means I don't
have the hack yet so remember to stay
tuned
click the X sorry about that click that
subscribe button and watch out for when
I get the ultra bike and make a video
for it thanks for watching guys see you
next time